Malcolm Reanolds joined the room.
Tardagain joined the room.
Rikochette joined the room.
StealthMaster33 joined the room.
BPain joined the room.
lucefuri joined the room.
Ichadra joined the room.
Animezz joined the room.
mycroutons4you joined the room.
Masayoshi Honda joined the room.
Malcolm Reanolds: gg
Masayoshi Honda: gg
mycroutons4you left the room.
BPain: report zed
Animezz left the room.
Tardagain left the room.
lucefuri: for what?
Masayoshi Honda: ?
BPain: for being a dbag
lucefuri: asking you to not take all my cs?
StealthMaster33: he wouldn't shut up
lucefuri: how is that
lucefuri: a dbag?
Malcolm Reanolds: Douchebag
Ichadra left the room.
Masayoshi Honda: he was toxiv?
lucefuri: what if i came in to your ungle an?d took your bluebuff
Malcolm Reanolds: ya know that bag of liquid women use to clean their vajayjay
lucefuri: the voli was being a dick
Malcolm Reanolds: haha
lucefuri: he came to my lane
StealthMaster33: voli was feeding him a free lane and he complained
Malcolm Reanolds: i'm sorry sir but you were
lucefuri: took kills
lucefuri: and then took my farm
BPain left the room.
lucefuri: THATS a dick move
Masayoshi Honda: Zed voli gave you a free lane
Malcolm Reanolds: haha
StealthMaster33: that's called being a bear
lucefuri: i was doing fine
Masayoshi Honda: I dunno
Masayoshi Honda: lol
lucefuri: bullshit
Masayoshi Honda: if it wasnt for boli
lucefuri: he didnt give me anything
Masayoshi Honda: voli
lucefuri: but a headache
Masayoshi Honda: i probably woulda won
lucefuri: no you wouldnt have
lucefuri: wtf
lucefuri: we were even in cs
lucefuri: and neither of us were poking
lucefuri: wtf would mak you think that
lucefuri: i was doing fin
Masayoshi Honda: only 40 down
lucefuri: *fine
Masayoshi Honda: and you had 2 ganks
Rikochette left the room.
Masayoshi Honda: so
Masayoshi Honda: i mean
lucefuri: 40 is a big amount
Masayoshi Honda: i expected more from you
lucefuri: thats a hwhole vamp scep
lucefuri: 40 is a huge amount of cs dude
lucefuri: 30 cs is a kills worth of gold
Masayoshi Honda: not as much as you think lol
lucefuri: thats a kills worth
Malcolm Reanolds: lol
lucefuri: of gold
lucefuri: plus 10
Masayoshi Honda: anyways
Malcolm Reanolds: Masayoshi honors
lucefuri: thats a lot
Masayoshi Honda: gg voli, good job
lucefuri: wow
StealthMaster33: get the popcorn ready
lucefuri: i love
Malcolm Reanolds: GG
lucefuri: how i justfy
lucefuri: everything
lucefuri: i say
lucefuri: but you just go
lucefuri: "umm"
Masayoshi Honda: stop crying jesus
lucefuri: "no it works like this"
Malcolm Reanolds: haha
lucefuri: "it just does"
Masayoshi Honda: you won the game lol
Malcolm Reanolds: This was our team chat entire game Masa
Masayoshi Honda: why are you crying over a won game
lucefuri: winning isnt everything
lucefuri: and how
lucefuri: was this
lucefuri: all game
Masayoshi Honda: qq
Malcolm Reanolds: cause you wouldn' tshut the hell up
lucefuri: WE WERENT EVEN TALKING AT AROUND THE 20 MINUTE MARK
lucefuri: XD
lucefuri: they call ti QQ cuz they have no comebacks
lucefuri: i love it
Malcolm Reanolds: you complained aobut everything
Masayoshi Honda: salty man
Masayoshi Honda: What comebacks
lucefuri: ive noticed people only bring up salt when they ahve nothing else
Masayoshi Honda: you never insuted me XD
lucefuri: to say
Malcolm Reanolds: and then didn't rotate to help kill leona or MF when i had them moved out of place
StealthMaster33: yeah cause the only person that talked the entire game was our zed who got handed a delicious meal on a tray and spit in the waiters face
lucefuri: i did rotate
lucefuri: are you
Malcolm Reanolds: you just sat there and counter jungled like an idiot
lucefuri: fucking kidding me
lucefuri: for starters
Masayoshi Honda: Zed roamed cause he didnt like loosing lane
lucefuri: I WASNT LOSING
lucefuri: XD
lucefuri: LOL
lucefuri: you havent made a case for me losing lane
lucefuri: and you sit there
lucefuri: and act
lucefuri: like i was losing
lucefuri: if i was losing lane PLEASE
lucefuri: explain
lucefuri: how
Masayoshi Honda: I got first tower lol
lucefuri: that was with the help of pantheon
Malcolm Reanolds: I'm so copying this chat and posting it this is amazing.  You were doing shit, were handed a free lane, and didn't have ANY map awareness at all the entire game.
Masayoshi Honda: Then laning was over
lucefuri: and it was AFTER
lucefuri: the laning phase
lucefuri: i roamed bot
lucefuri: literally
Malcolm Reanolds: then sat there and bitched because you were spoon fed.
lucefuri: 4 times
lucefuri: dude
lucefuri: you are full of shit
lucefuri: i roamed bot
StealthMaster33: this is awesome
Malcolm Reanolds: then you bitch after the game
lucefuri: literally four times
Masayoshi Honda: Yeah and I got first mid tower :)
lucefuri: the argument started
lucefuri: BECAUSE
Masayoshi Honda: ty zed :)
lucefuri: I ROAMED
lucefuri: AND
lucefuri: LOL
lucefuri: the thresh
StealthMaster33: this is so awesome
lucefuri: took a kil
Masayoshi Honda: You should be fed
Masayoshi Honda: tbh
lucefuri: so your point invalidates ur own point
Malcolm Reanolds: All you did was sit there and SCREAM "KS KS KS KS"
lucefuri: no i didnt
Masayoshi Honda: You had like 3 ganks on me
lucefuri: i literally said
Malcolm Reanolds: haha
lucefuri: ks one time
lucefuri: all game
lucefuri: literally
lucefuri: one time
Masayoshi Honda: And you have a passive that gives you a dmg boost when im down 50% health
StealthMaster33: twice counting thresh
lucefuri: i didnt say ks to him
Malcolm Reanolds: I so wish my recording software would of worked right to get all this on film and post it to youtube.....would make a great "Salty League Player" video
lucefuri: i just said ...thresh..
Malcolm Reanolds: and also show how TOXIC some people are
lucefuri: i would love for you to do that
lucefuri: so i could show people
lucefuri: the cognitive dissonance
Malcolm Reanolds: even if you are winning how toxic people cna be
lucefuri: of LoL players
lucefuri: you deny all of my logic
Masayoshi Honda: But you're a LoL player too Zed
lucefuri: regardless of all the good points i rbing up
lucefuri: i play hundreds of games not just LoL
Malcolm Reanolds: Sits on the chair.....can you please lay down on the couch and tell me about your daddy issus?
lucefuri: see?
lucefuri: just like that
lucefuri: you ignored my point
lucefuri: i made a good point
lucefuri: and you just sneer
Masayoshi Honda: I don't have to listen to you XD
StealthMaster33: oh we're not sneering
lucefuri: it makes you look like you dont know
lucefuri: whaat the fuck
Masayoshi Honda: Why should I XD
StealthMaster33: we're laughing our asses off
lucefuri: you are talking about
lucefuri: ignorance is bliss they say
Masayoshi Honda: Are your fingeers sore tho
Malcolm Reanolds: Dude you were hand fed a free lane.
lucefuri: why would they be?
Malcolm Reanolds: Accept it and move on.
lucefuri: no
lucefuri: i wasnt
Malcolm Reanolds: You won because a bear camped your lane and baby sat.
lucefuri: voli handed himself free kills
lucefuri: he helped HIMSELF
lucefuri: to some kills
Malcolm Reanolds: (-_-)
Masayoshi Honda: Cause you've written a whole essay on here Zed.
lucefuri: the malz made it easy why the fuck wouldnt he punish?
Masayoshi Honda: You get gold off assists too Zed
Malcolm Reanolds: Dude i'm copy pasting this whole chat.....want me to send it to you somehow Masa so you can show your friends?
Masayoshi Honda: Not like you gain nothing
Masayoshi Honda: Off ganks
lucefuri: i gain very little
lucefuri: send me the link
Masayoshi Honda: It's still something
lucefuri: malcolm
lucefuri: i want to show my friends
Malcolm Reanolds: HAHA
Masayoshi Honda: So you're wrong that it only helps himself lol
Malcolm Reanolds: Want to show your friends how much of an idiot you are?
Masayoshi Honda: I'm right
lucefuri: how much of a fucking condescending brainless sack of shit
lucefuri: you are
Masayoshi Honda: WOOOAAHF
StealthMaster33: ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh
Malcolm Reanolds: Thank you.
lucefuri: who cant hold together two braincells
Masayoshi Honda: WOOOAHHHHHHH
StealthMaster33: oh my god
lucefuri: to make a valid point
Malcolm Reanolds: YAY! compliments
lucefuri: DID YOU JUST SAY THANK YOU?
lucefuri: LOL
Malcolm Reanolds: I have two braincells
lucefuri: IM DEALING WITH A 14 YEAR OLD
Malcolm Reanolds: I thought i only had one
lucefuri: this is shit a 14 year old does
lucefuri: XD
Malcolm Reanolds: Shit all the lies
Masayoshi Honda: You're the 14 year old man...
lucefuri: i just los composure laughing
lucefuri: give me a secon
lucefuri: i cna
lucefuri: i can type
lucefuri: i cant type
lucefuri: im
StealthMaster33: you know what else 14 year olds do.....complain about a video game
Masayoshi Honda: Yes you can
lucefuri: im laughing too had
Malcolm Reanolds: This is gold
Masayoshi Honda: Complaining about a won lane
lucefuri: "thank you for the compliment"
Masayoshi Honda: And hes calling us 14
lucefuri: i havent heard someone do that
lucefuri: since middle school
Malcolm Reanolds: Masa you are great man
lucefuri: literally
lucefuri: since middle school
Malcolm Reanolds: ha
Malcolm Reanolds: I'm no doubt older than you my friend
Masayoshi Honda: Since as in you're still in break right?
lucefuri: winning isnt fucking everything
lucefuri: winning isnt the end all be all of the game
Masayoshi Honda: Because you're probably going back in a couple days.
lucefuri: i can win thousands of games at this elo without trying
lucefuri: thats not WHY i play
StealthMaster33: why do you play?
Masayoshi Honda: Damn dude
lucefuri: i could win a game with adc soraka
lucefuri: and i have
StealthMaster33: tell the crowd
Masayoshi Honda: Zed you're so good
Malcolm Reanolds: So have I
lucefuri: no
Masayoshi Honda: Teach me senpai
lucefuri: thats not my point
Malcolm Reanolds: ADC sora was my thing for a long while
StealthMaster33: we need to learn from the so called master
Masayoshi Honda: Zed bro
lucefuri: im not saying im good
StealthMaster33: yes you are
Masayoshi Honda: Since you're bragging so much
lucefuri: im saying it doesnt matter
lucefuri: what wins
StealthMaster33: you just said you're good
Masayoshi Honda: Why are you in this elo
lucefuri: at this elo
lucefuri: listen
lucefuri: stfu
Masayoshi Honda: lol
Malcolm Reanolds: haha
lucefuri: fo five secnds
StealthMaster33: why?
Masayoshi Honda: XDD
lucefuri: it doesnt matter
lucefuri: what wins
StealthMaster33: you've talked for 5 minutes
Masayoshi Honda: "listen stfu"
Malcolm Reanolds: Dude this guy is like 12-14 seriously
lucefuri: at this elo
lucefuri: anything
lucefuri: will with
StealthMaster33: why should we stop for 5 seconds?
lucefuri: *win
Masayoshi Honda: guys hold on
lucefuri: im not bragging
Masayoshi Honda: we have to listen to him
Masayoshi Honda: cause he can win thousand without trying
lucefuri: i wasnt bragging a braindead monkey could win at this elo
Malcolm Reanolds: Luce i am getting invites can you please wrap up your issues?
lucefuri: the point im trying to make, and the one that went over your head
Malcolm Reanolds: Like I can get the couch out
lucefuri: is i dont just play to win
Malcolm Reanolds: I am getting a degree in psychology
lucefuri: i pllay to do better
Masayoshi Honda: Why are you trying to get your point across braindead monkeys.
Malcolm Reanolds: So tell me about your daddy/mommy issues?
Masayoshi Honda: Are we worth your time?
lucefuri: i never said you ere a braindead monkey
StealthMaster33: i don't think he has a mommy and daddy anymore
lucefuri: the fucking backpedalling here
StealthMaster33: that's why he plays league
Malcolm Reanolds: I have two braincells though means not braindead :P
Masayoshi Honda: But you said any braindead monkey can win this elo
lucefuri: thes changed subjects
Malcolm Reanolds: Both briancells work
Masayoshi Honda: Mine too
StealthMaster33: me also
lucefuri: why the fuck are you people so stupid
lucefuri: just
lucefuri: why
lucefuri: why
Masayoshi Honda: XDDDD
Malcolm Reanolds: haha
Malcolm Reanolds: <3
lucefuri: were you dropped on your head or some shit?
StealthMaster33: thank you zed....this was fun
Masayoshi Honda: Why are you so salty is the real question.
lucefuri: why would this even be funny?
Malcolm Reanolds: I'm out....thanks for the comedy gold.
StealthMaster33: i love hearing children complain
StealthMaster33: this is amazing
lucefuri: how?
StealthMaster33: no report
lucefuri: how is this funny?
lucefuri: the only way
Masayoshi Honda: Yeah this was worth the loss.
lucefuri: i could see this being funny
lucefuri: is that im just naturally outgoing and entertaining
Masayoshi Honda: If I could loose and see this.
lucefuri: and even me telling you
lucefuri: you sucked
lucefuri: was enetertaining
Masayoshi Honda: I'd loose every game.
lucefuri: i think thast what it is
StealthMaster33 left the room.
lucefuri: im just such a cool guy
lucefuri: it doesnt mater
